The President: Hi, everybody.
For millions of Americans,
this time of year
holds great meaning.
Earlier this week, we
hosted a Passover Seder
at the White House, and
joined Jewish families
around the world in their
retellings of the story
of the Exodus and the victory
of faith over oppression.
And this Sunday, Michelle,
Malia, Sasha,
and I will join our fellow
Christians around the world
in celebrating the
Resurrection of Christ,
the salvation he offered
the world,
and the hope that comes with
the Easter season.
These holy days have their
roots in miracles
that took place long ago.
And yet, they still
inspire us, guide us,
and strengthen us today.
They remind us of our
responsibilities
to God and, as God's children,
our responsibilities
to one another.
For me, and for countless
other Christians,
Holy Week and Easter are
times
for reflection and renewal.
We remember the grace of
an awesome God,
who loves us so deeply that He
gave us his only Son,
so that we might live through Him.
We recall all that Jesus
endured for us -
the scorn of the crowds, the
agony of the cross -
all so that we might be forgiven
our sins
and granted everlasting life.
And we recommit ourselves
to following His example,
to love and serve one
another,
particularly "the least of these" among us,
just as He loves every one of us.
The common thread of
humanity that connects
us all - not just Christians
and Jews, but Muslims
and Hindus and Sikhs - is our
shared commitment
to love our neighbors as
we love ourselves.
To remember, I am my
brother's keeper.
I am my sister's keeper.
Whatever your faith,
believer or nonbeliever,
there's no better time to
rededicate ourselves
to that universal mission.
For me, Easter is a story
of hope - a belief
in a better day to come,
just around the bend.
So to all Christians who
are celebrating,
from my family to yours,
Happy Easter.
And to every American,
have a joyful weekend.
Thanks, God bless you, and
may God bless
this country we love.